patterns/02.jsx-spread-attributes.md, before:

# JSX Spread Attributes

Spread Attributes is a JSX feature. It’s syntactic sugar for passing all of an object’s properties as JSX attributes.
The ... operator (or spread operator) is already supported for arrays in ES6. There is also a proposal to get the spread operator for object properties in ES2017.

These two examples are equivalent.

```javascript
// props written as attributes
let main = () => <main className="main" role="main">{children}</main>;

// props "spread" from object
// Note: `children` key is used to populate the component children.
let main = () => <main {...{className: "main", role: "main", children}} />;
```

Use this to forward props to underlying components.

```javascript
let FancyDiv = (props) => <div className="fancy" {...props} />;
```

Now, I can expect FancyDiv to add the attributes it's concerned with as well as those it's not.

```javascript
let FancyDiv = () => <FancyDiv data-id="my-fancy-div">So Fancy</FancyDiv>;
// output: <div className="fancy" data-id="my-fancy-div">So Fancy</div>
```

Keep in mind that order matters. If props.className is defined, it'll clobber the className defined by FancyDiv

```javascript
let FancyDiv = () => <FancyDiv className="my-fancy-div"/>;
// output: <div className="my-fancy-div"></div>
```

We can make FancyDivs className always “win” by placing it after the spread props ({...props}).

```javascript
// my `className` clobbers your `className`
const FancyDiv = props =>
  <div {...props} className="fancy"/>;
```

You should handle these types of props gracefully. In this case, I’ll merge the author’s props.className with the className needed to style my component.

```javascript
const FancyDiv = ({ className, ...props }) => (
  <div
    className={["fancy", className].join(' ')}
    {...props}
  />
);
```

### A word of caution

Although convenient, spread operators do increase the connascence (complexity or type of coupling) and may make debugging occur at run-time instead of before for the developer and any future maintainers. Also, it is better to use spread operators on props into components and then decontruct the object instead of blindly passing `props` onto React DOM Elements. Passing objects with undetermined contents onto React DOM Elements may increase the likelihood of invalid HTML attributes.

### References:

[JSX Spread Attributes](https://gist.github.com/sebmarkbage/07bbe37bc42b6d4aef81)

Commit message:

Add link to anti-pattern

patterns/02.jsx-spread-attributes.md, after:

# JSX Spread Attributes

Spread Attributes is a JSX feature. It’s syntactic sugar for passing all of an object’s properties as JSX attributes.
The ... operator (or spread operator) is already supported for arrays in ES6. There is also a proposal to get the spread operator for object properties in ES2017.

These two examples are equivalent.

```javascript
// props written as attributes
let main = () => <main className="main" role="main">{children}</main>;

// props "spread" from object
// Note: `children` key is used to populate the component children.
let main = () => <main {...{className: "main", role: "main", children}} />;
```

Use this to forward props to underlying components.

```javascript
let FancyDiv = (props) => <div className="fancy" {...props} />;
```

Now, I can expect FancyDiv to add the attributes it's concerned with as well as those it's not.

```javascript
let FancyDiv = () => <FancyDiv data-id="my-fancy-div">So Fancy</FancyDiv>;
// output: <div className="fancy" data-id="my-fancy-div">So Fancy</div>
```

Keep in mind that order matters. If props.className is defined, it'll clobber the className defined by FancyDiv

```javascript
let FancyDiv = () => <FancyDiv className="my-fancy-div"/>;
// output: <div className="my-fancy-div"></div>
```

We can make FancyDivs className always “win” by placing it after the spread props ({...props}).

```javascript
// my `className` clobbers your `className`
const FancyDiv = props =>
  <div {...props} className="fancy"/>;
```

You should handle these types of props gracefully. In this case, I’ll merge the author’s props.className with the className needed to style my component.

```javascript
const FancyDiv = ({ className, ...props }) => (
  <div
    className={["fancy", className].join(' ')}
    {...props}
  />
);
```

### A word of caution

Although convenient, spread operators do increase the connascence (complexity or type of coupling) and may make debugging occur at run-time instead of before for the developer and any future maintainers. Also, it is better to use spread operators on props into components and then decontruct the object instead of blindly passing `props` onto React DOM Elements. This is an [anti-pattern](../anti-patterns/07.spreading-props-dom.md). Passing objects with undetermined contents onto React DOM Elements will increase the likelihood of invalid HTML attributes.

### References:

[JSX Spread Attributes](https://gist.github.com/sebmarkbage/07bbe37bc42b6d4aef81)
